README.md, before:

# Skills
![kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/html-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)

# User of
![windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/windows-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
![android](https://img.shields.io/badge/android-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)

# Stats

![Galih's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=galihtrisna&show_icons=true&theme=dark)<br>

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=galihtrisna&theme=dark)<br>

![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=galihtrisna&layout=compact&theme=dark)<br>

![Trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=galihtrisna&theme=tokyonight&column=3&margin-w=15&margin-h=15)<br>

Commit message:

Revise README with personal details and skills
Updated README to include personal introduction and skills.

README.md, after:

# Yo, I'm Galih! 👋

> "Just a human trying to build cool things with Code."

### 🤷‍♂️ Who?
I'm an Informatics student at **Telkom University**.
Basically, I write code for the web and sometimes I make 3D art because I like things to look good.

### 🎒 My Weapons
Stuff I use to make things happen:

**Code**
![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat-square&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Laravel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=flat-square&logo=laravel&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

**Art & Tools**
![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blender-e67e22?style=flat-square&logo=blender&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=flat-square&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Coffee-6F4E37?style=flat-square&logo=coffeescript&logoColor=white)

### 📂 What's in here?
This is basically my digital garage. You'll find:
* 🎓 **Campus Stuff:** Assignments (typical student life stuff).
* 🧪 **Experiments:** Me trying out new tech (honestly just FOMO most of the time).
* 🚀 **Real Projects:** Apps that actually work (hopefully).

---
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/galihtrisna) • [Instagram](https://instagram.com/kucingduduk_)
